# machine-learning-project-itu-fall-2021

Welcome to the Fall 2021 Machine Learning Project
([Github](https://github.com/jonas-mika/ml-project)).  The goal of this project
was to build a classifier to predict glass fragments for forensic science
purposes in criminal investigations. 

## Problem Description

Glass is a material that is prominently part of criminal investigation
processes.   When a suspect is apprehended for a crime involving shattered
glass, it is a standard procedure to submit particles ofhis clothing to
a forensic science laboratory, in order to determine whether or not evidentiary
materialis present. However, even in the case where glass particles were
detected, it often remains unclearwhether those particles are connected to the
crime. On this basis, the goal of this project was to build a machine learning
model, that is able to classify different  types of glass fragments based on
their elemental composition and refractive index (RI).

## Data The data used within this project was obtained from a study carried out
as part of a research program for the UK  Forensic  Science  Service.  The data
set contained a total of 214 glass fragments that were obtained in a pre-split
of 149 training and 65 test samples.  For each glass fragment, a total of nine
features were recorded, including a measure of the refractive index (RI), which
describes how fast light travels through a material.  It is a standard measure
in glass analysis as refit varies significantly for different types of glass.
The remaining eight measured features described the chemical composition of the
glass fragment in percent. Each glass fragment in the data set belonged to one
of six classes.

## Run this Project 

Reproduce the results in the few following steps: 

1. **Clone repository**

   Navigate to the desired location of the project on your local machine and run
   the following command to clone this GitHub repository:

   ``` https://github.com/jonas-mika/ml-project.git ```

2. **Create `VENV`** *(optional, but recommended to get all dependencies)*

    First, navigate to the folder where you are storing your venvs and then use
    venv to create virtual env for this project as follows: 
    
    ``` python3 -m venv [name of venv] ```

    Now, you can activate the venv through the command: 

    ``` source [name of env]/bin/activate ```
    
    Deactivate through:

    ``` deactive ```


    Lastly, make sure your pip is updated: `pip install --upgrade pip`

3. **Install requirements**

   Run the following command from the root of the cloned directory to install
   all dependencies into the virtual venv.
    
   ``` pip install -r requirements.txt ```

4. **Graphviz Dependency**

   The visualisation of the decision tree is based on the package `graphviz`. It
   is listed inside the `requirements.txt` and thus installed when initialising
   the virtual environment. However, for the package to run properly, it must be
   installed system-wide.  To do so, run the following command on macOS:

   ``` brew install graphviz ```

5. You are all set. Run main.py from the `src/` folder (NOTE: Path errors may
   occur if script is not run from the `src` folder) run the entire project.

   ``` cd src python main.py ```


## Documentation 

The project is extensively documented. All classes and helper-function used in
this project in the folder `scripts/` come with a docstring. The entire
documentation is hosted online through
[*sphinx*](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/) and is visitable
[here](https://ml-project.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html)

## Contributers

<table> <tr> <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/LudekCizinsky"><img
src="https://github.com/LudekCizinsky.png?size=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br
/><sub><b>Ludek Cizinsky</b></sub></a><br /></td> <td align="center"><a
href="https://github.com/jonas-mika"><img
src="https://github.com/jonas-mika.png?size=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br
/><sub><b>Jonas-Mika Senghaas</b></sub></a><br /></td> <td align="center"><a
href="https://github.com/lukyrasocha"><img
src="https://github.com/lukyrasocha.png?size=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br
/><sub><b>Lukas Rasocha</b></sub></a><br /></td> </tr> </table>
